WRT-342 Update tutorial (#83)
tradingview/charting-library-tutorial: README.md

# Charting Library: Connecting Data via the Datafeed API

> __Note__
>
> This repository contains sample code for a tutorial on connecting data via the Datafeed API.
> You can find the full step-by-step guide in the [Charting Library documentation].

## What is Charting Library

> Charting library is a standalone solution that you can download, host on your servers, connect your own data to,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charting **L**ibrary is a standalone solution that you can download, host on your servers, connect your own data to,
```
